(merge after release) docs: add quickstart CLI section to README (#1890)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: README.md

<p align="center">The embedding plot shows how images relate to each other, with a preview on hover. A lasso selection filters the grid to one cluster. A search for "coffee" finds a match, and the annotation editor opens to label it.</p>
<p align="center"><strong>⚡ Tested with 2M+ images, embeddings included, on a single MacBook (M1, 16GB RAM).</strong></p>

## 🚀 Try it in 60 seconds

> LightlyStudio runs on your computer and opens in your browser. One command downloads an example dataset with images, annotations, and evaluation results — no account needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LightlyStudio runs on your computer and opens in your browser. The following command downloads an example dataset with images, annotations, and evaluation results — no account needed.
```

```bash
pip install lightly-studio
lightly-studio quickstart
```

> The first run downloads the example dataset. Then open the URL the command prints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- **Local only:** your images and datasets never leave your machine.
- **Your own images:** one Python call indexes them, then start the server. See the [Image Dataset guide](https://docs.lightly.ai/studio/dataset_setup/image_dataset/).
- **Your own videos:** see the [Video Dataset guide](https://docs.lightly.ai/studio/dataset_setup/video_dataset/).
- **No install:** [open the quickstart in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/lightly-ai/lightly-studio/blob/main/lightly_studio/src/lightly_studio/examples/example_notebook.ipynb)
- **A guided walkthrough:** read the [Tutorials](#-tutorials) below. [Curate a Traffic CCTV Dataset for YOLO Training](https://docs.lightly.ai/studio/tutorials/yolo-traffic-cctv-object-detection/) goes from raw images to a trained model.

> - Runs on **Python 3.9 to 3.14** on Windows, Linux, and macOS. Use Python 3.10 for plugin compatibility, for example SAM autolabeling.

Reviewer: link the sam plugin to the docs as well

  </tr>
</table>

> ## 🚀 Example workflows

Reviewer: twice the rocket is not clear why
